I took the medication for depression, it did a great job, however I was always tired. I couldn't stay awake on my job, couldn't stay awake while driving. I was just putting myself in harm by taking that medicine. The sleepiness, never went away. 
I recently had to kick my son out of the house. I could hardly bare it. I couldn't get out of bed and cried every day. I was talked into taking Celexa by my DR. After 3-4 weeks, I did stop crying and could get out of bed. But seeing a counselor helped me the most and have come to terms with my crisis event. After 2.5 months, I have stopped taking Celexa. I talked to my pharmacist and the side effects (for me) were multiple and harsh. Nausea, dizziness, diarrhea and the worst was the trembling in my hands. I thought I was getting Parkinsons! Good luck to all with finding your happiness.
FIRST, the best way to take this medication is at bedtime, as it really does make a person tired in the morning (though I know not everyone is the same). I have to agree with many on the fact that it is VERY hard to try to get off of this medication. Unfortunately, for me I am better staying on ot. I use it because I just feel out of control when I am not taking it and a cry easily when not on it. I just pray that anyone searching for help gets the help that they need. It has helped me but, with any medication there are most always side effects. Blessings to all!
involuntary quivering, loss of focus.
I was started on the 10mg dose and the first two weeks I felt great. My irritability and angery impulsive thoughts went away. I was back to my old self but by week three I could feel the anger and irritation coming back and by week 5 I was back to biting peoples heads off and not wanting to do anything responsible. I just went back for a follow up with my doctor and he changed my dose to 20 mg and I am starting counseling to supplement the medication. I am hoping it continues to help. As far as the side effects, I have had none but I started taking this medication with a positive attitude that I wouldn't be affected by the tiredness or the weight gain and so far so good.
I HAVE BEEN ON THIS MED FOR A WEEK NOW. IM SUPER DROWSY MY LEG AND ARM TWITCH IM ITCHY.ILL GET A BURST OF ENERGY THEN CRASH. I STILL DONT WANT TO BE BOTHERD BY PEOPLE. I GET IRRITATED AFTER A FEW HOURS BUT WHEN I FIRST TAKE IT IT CLAMS ME NO IRRITATION FULL OF ENERGY THEN BOOM ... I HAVE TO GO TO SLEEP AND I HAVE NO DESIRE TO DO ANYTHING.... I DONT KNOW IF THIS DRUG IS WORKING ONLY BAD SIDE EFFECT IS I KEEP GETTING HEADACHES AND DRY MOUTH ... ... ILL SEE HOW THIS GOES THE REST OF THIS MONTH ...  
So far I've had no bad side effects other than a lot a yawning, slight headache and a bit of shakiness. I have been told I look better but I don't feel any changes 
after my wife died of 29 years of marriage, I had a heart attack 5 months later. my doctor started me on this medicine after she died in my arms. it seemed to work, but felt so tired, I am taking 20 mg a day in the morning.i have tried stopping this medicine an cant, it feels like electric shocks all over my body, the first 2 days I have lots of energy but the tingles all over my body makes me start taking it again. I think it makes the depression worse. I wish I had went to counseling than using this poison ,I also gained 40 pounds. Try counseling before this, once you get on it its no getting off
i have used citalopram for depression it is ok but wish i felt better for longer stretches of time. i am still depressed a lot.
I can see not improvement
starting on 5mg for a month then will go up to 10mg. I don't want to go too fast. You are meant to increase it slowly to avoid the side affects. Only meant to take 20mg for all patients. some side effects on 5mg-sleepy, a bit of nausea, but feeling less stressed. I am concerned that my doctor didn't say to start slowly on them. I told my pharmacist that I'd had bad effects from amitriptyline years ago and that I wanted to start really slowly. She said 3 days with 5 mg.. then 3 days with 10mg, then 20 mg after that. I am not gonna risk that! Plus my driving has been a bit affected at 5mg. Start slow people. And if having bad side affects go back to your doctor to change the medication. Hope you all feel better soon, and be kind to yourselves and tell friends and loved ones how they can support you at this time. 
because of my insurance, I have to take the generic version, and the pharmacy does not seem to be able to keep the same stuff on regular basis, it changes manufacturers, and that is when all hell brakes loose. Nothing that is not the real thing is as effective, why? also I have notice that if the pills are not white, their performance is not the same, why? I am currently taking some peachy color stuff that does not work, no matter what they say that the dosage is the same, my body knows best and it is  not.

Worked for awhile....gained 40 pounds over 4 1/2 years......withdrawal symptoms were brutal
it work and then it doesnt work
I seem to  get restlesss leg syndrome if I wait until bedtime to take this med. I also had to include impramine with it to get a better effect.
no problem
Last month I had 2 panic attacks that lasted over 40 min. and 1 that lasted 49 min,this month.I have polycystic kidney disease and an irregular heart beat.Why would my Dr. perscribe this, knowing my health history?Is there no other med I can take for depression?
Extreme dry moutn
Good medication for me . However I had to switch to Bupropion due to the sexual side effects. I also felt somewhat lethargic at times. Lets see how the bupropion compares. Its only been a couple of days though. Despite all this citalopram definately fixed the depression.
I have had major depression for quite some time and have been on citalopram since 09. At first, it was effective since I didnt feel edgy but much more calm. Just recently I have had major side effects like not being able to sleep at night and constantly tired and fatigued, yawning, absolutely no energy to do basic chores. My complete down fall is zero sex drive without being able to reach the big O. It is straining my relationship of 6 years that I hope I can manage until I go see my PCP in a few days. I am not sure what she will switch me to but I hope its a smooth transition and effective. I do not recommend this product
I took Citalopram on and off (admittedly, mostly off) for a few years.  I did believe it did help me at one point.  I resumed taking it because my depression worsened.  I didn't see any affect from the Citalopram but had to stop taking it due to bouts of weakness/dizziness that started hitting me every afternoon.  They stopped when I stopped taking the Citalopram but then I had to deal with the horrible withdrawal symptoms (brain zaps) for weeks afterwards.  Also had very aggravating sexual side effects
Although this drug help with depression, the effects were short-lived. From the beginning I was unable to sleep. If I did get sleep, it was never more than 3 hours. I'd be awake until complete exhaustion set in and then I'd sleep for 12 hours, when I'd awake feeling more fatigued and run-down than ever. The beneficial anti-depressive aspects of this drug lasted about 10 days, then I started feeling depressed again. I also experienced a lack of appetite, diarrhea, and slight memory loss. The drug did, however, lessen my urge to smoke cigarettes. I do not recommend this medication.
other than the increased sweating and the decreased sexual desire, it works fine.  
Helps with coping . Sexual side effects. No as effective as i'd like on the depression. Supplemented w/xanax.
It has helped me too go forward in my life sence the death of my mother in 2009. I was crying each day after her death and could not sleep. Now I can sleep and not wanting too kill myslef over her death. 
Depression, it keeps me stable.
Sleeping disturbance.
40 mg just keeps me level to an extent. about the same as zoloft. 200 mg
still very depressed.
Worked well at getting me out of a deep depression. Would like to discontinue, but side effects of weaning off are intolerable.
I just started on 10 mg of this drug yesterday evening. I do not notice any side effects yet, maybe dry nose and mouth. I am very worried that this drug will affect my interest in sex. I have a normal happy sex life even though I am sad and anxious at times. I do not like taking medication. I felt I must be depressed because I have the usual financial, relationship type problems that face a lot of people at this time. I just felt that for the last 2 years I can't seem to feel vibrant or cheerful for very long at a time. Maybe a half a day. I have been turning to food when I feel anxious. I have no motivation to go running or dress up to go out. I have been a good friend and daughter, sister. I can't seem to do this without a little help that I hope drug will give me. I will review Citalopram again as I go along in my treatment. 
I have had rapid heart beat ,loss of appetite ,weight loss ,loss of sleep ,stomach pains, cramps in my feet or muscle cramps, frequent urination,  but it has helped my mood
I have been taking this pill (10mg dose) and I'm 18-19. I have been having depression for 8 years and I had tooken fluoxetine before which made me feel real better, but if i skipped a day or two, it made my depression worsen. With this pill, just starting out, it made me feel so good and all of the sudden, I began to see blurry, began to feel like passing out, loosen in my bowels and I don't know. I prefer to go back to my fluoxetine. 
I started taking Citalopram 40mg daily for depression. I took it for 4 months. The side effects were tough the first 2 weeks but my Dr advised me to give the medication time to work. I was not able to get to sleep, felt tired and drained all day and had bad headaches,didn't want to get out of bed, I was clinching my teeth really bad. I did not feel any change in my depression. In fact I had people telling my I looked depressed.  I was also placed on Lorizapam for anxiety which works great. I continued to take the Citalopram at my doctors advise but I still experienced the same level of depression. After four months on the medication I still have trouble sleeping at night. If I miss a dose i have the worse headache. The biggest issue for me is that it is VERY hard to orgasm if at all. I advised my Dr that the medication was doing nothing for me plus it was interfering with my sex life so she switch me to Venlafaxine 150mg a day. I hope this works better for me. 
Son, age 8, taking for mild depression with ADHD med also. Within one week, severe stomach aches, Heartburn, and mouth/ lip sores. 
I also take this for panic attacks and did not have same side effects other than gaining 20 pounds, and feeling blah, tired. Will both be stopping med as it no longer outweighs side effects.   
i've been diganosed w/low serotion levals and found this is the wounder drug i've needed it works 
after I take citalopram after a while my hands get shakey tremers is this normal
I started taking 20 mg in 2003. During 2008 I was prescribed 1 mg of Clonazepam for restless leg. During the last year i have experienced SEVERE fatigue and EXTREME low blood pressure.  We are talking every day!  Could not walk my dogs without stopping every 10 feet and bending over so I wouldn't pass out. Body felt like dead weight all day. I stopped Citralopram and noticed a marked improvement in my tiredness..I am still on Clonazpam but have reduced the dosage. Going to try zoloft and see how that works..been depressed  over physical reactions and other thing. I am 69. Don't take this stuff!!! My mental health doc wanted to increase it to 40mg...I said no and stopped it!
I started taking 20 mg while I was pregnant, to help with the SEVERE moods. I had never been on medication before but suffered with depression for about 10 years. also- anxiety, social anxiety, and possibly pmdd. Everything was great in the beginning but slowly wasn't  as effective. After I had the baby and quit breastfeeding, I decided to go up to 40 mg. I wasn't sure if it was just hormones. Now i'm irritable and agitated frequently (let me note that my son is a Happy baby!), I have no concentration, I can never get enough sleep whether its 6 or 10 hours, and my sexual desire is long gone. And once again, I'm back to my emotional breakdowns. I can't even hold my composure at work anymore :(  I'm gonna try going back down to 20 mg. If that doesn't work, i'm gonna have to switch.. 
i am not having suicidal thoughts as often although i find myself still in maniac fazes spending in stuff (useless).
somewhat effective until recently when I began to have other physical issues
i still have trouble gitting started on things like house work 
I have been taking Citalopram for over a year now.My doctor had switched me because for about 10 years I had been taking Fluoxetine (Prozac) and didn't feel it was effective anymore.One bad side effect of this medication has to do with sex.Males might want to take note.You can achieve an erection and have sex for very long periods of time.BUT you might not climax all the time or very rarely.This occured with my girlfriend and myself.I saw my doctor yesterday and he said it was definately the Citalopram causing me not to climax.He also told me that this drug is also used for men who have pre mature ejaculation problems.So that solved my mystery. So if any men out there are having this problem.It's not you it's the medication.I had always climaxed everytime I had sex before I started taking this medication.With me I have to consider changing my medication.My girlfriend is getting pissed and doesn't understand the side effects.
Just started this. Was on zoloft before.
It helps the depression somewhat, but is not completely effective.
The best thing about this drug is that I have no side effects such as constipation or weight gain.
Lost interest in sex, couldn't remember things like in happy land, and very difficult to come off the drug - became very picky, angry to my wife - have had to slow down my withdrawal from the drug.
It helps depression, but I've had trouble sleeping since starting it.
I have been taking 20mgs of citalopram once a day, everyday since January. I developed a itchy rash on my arms and legs. Ive gone to my doctor several times about the rash and they dont know what the rash is. I came home and looked up "allergic skin reations to Citalopram". Well thanks to the web and people's testimony about this drug, I now know where the rash came from.... CITALOPRAM!!! Other than the rash though, I feel great!!! I am a lot happier and more focused at work. My sex drive hasnt increased or decreased. Tomorrow morning Ive got to make a call to my doctor and let them know I've found the source of my rash. All those years in med school and they couldnt figure out the source of my rash!!! That really ticks me off that I had to research my symptoms to get the answer. Even though this rash is rare when it comes to taking citalopram, I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone.
Day 1 : I took it the night before at bedtime and woke up shaky and nauseas.  How long till this goes away?
I started taking this medication at 20mg with 75mg of amitriptyline at night to combat depression and anxiety. After 3 weeks on the medications I overdosed on both, trying to kill myself. I had to be taken off amitriptyline due to the effects that tricyclic antidepressants will have on my body after my overdose, i was put on 25-75mg trazodone as needed at night, and my citalopram dosage was increased to 60mg daily. So far I have been pretty content on this medication, however I am not sure if that is due to my life changes I have made since the episode. Trazodone is also wonderful for helping me get to sleep. If you are on this medication, DO NOT forget a dose. I forgot a dose one day, met with my therapist later that day and when I got home I was so distraught and upset and couldn't really understand why I was bawling. I also recently started hitting myself when I get upset and I had never done that before I took this medication.
I take 40 mg and also take simvastatin. Has anyone else experienced an interaction between these two meds?
I have been on this med for three months.  It started out with headaches which are over. lack of sleep, which is over. I had no preconcevied notion on how the pill was going to work. An explaination would have been nice on what I might experience.  I am happier than I was.  I still get sad. I still cry.  But that is what a normal human being would do.  It is supposed to make you function as a normal human with emotions. I am a better person on this drug.  Started on 20mg then increased it to 30mg.  much better for me.
does this cause mild stomach pain?
I have taken this drug for about 2 years and have not noticed much change other than being able to handle stress a little easier. 
I struggle with depression and anxiety.  I started on 10mg about four years ago and within the first couple of weeks felt much better.  It worked great for about 8 months, but have had to regularly increase dosage over the last 4 years.  I didn't notice any side-effects until I was up to 40mg.  Then I started experiencing decreased libido and slight weight gain.  I've now been on 60mg (the maximum dosage) for four months and during this time have gained nearly 25 pounds, have no libido, and have horrible acne on my back.  And, the increased dosage hasn't helped my depression or anxiety.  I also was camping in the jungle in Central America and forgot to bring enough Celexa with me.  I was without it for about 4 days and the withdrawal was HORRIBLE.  I was dizzy and confused and my face went numb!  Overall, it worked wonders at first, but now am exploring other options and can't wait to get off of it!  I would not recommend taking more than 40mgs - it had no positive impact on me, and numerous studies I've read have indicated that this is usually the case.  If you're on 40mg and feel like you need to increase your dosage, talk to your doctor about switching meds!
good results
Depression & anxiety sucks but my med makes it easier to cope
Loss of wife 5 yrs ago to cancer, still having crying spells.Thought it was a weakness to have to take meds.On day 8(citalopram 20mg).Dry mouth, stomach upset, & tired-feeling but will hang in there. Seems helping somewhat.
In the beginning a bowel movement a couple times a day,trouble swallowing a little bit for about an hour after taking but not bad, after taking for awhile the difference can be told if it works or you feel you need a higher dose.
i thank that this medcine is making me sleep walk 
night vision off. sex drive gone! mood swings huge! 
Was on this med for 8 mo's. Took away the depression, but I felt tired all the time.
Could no wake up in the morning and had no desire to do anything.
After 3 years I am somewhat satisfied.  I no longer suffer from "social anxiety" at work and can confront the issues that arise without bursting into tears.  BUT I don't have the desire to cope with much else or resume the things that used to bring me great joy.  Obligations and maintaining friendships do not intrest me...in fact nothing much intrests me anymore.  This helps me function and be a useful member of society but does not restore my joy.  
Believe caused Peyronie's Disease (curvature of the penis). Discuss this potential with your doctor before starting treatment.
Im not as sad as before even though I still find myself crying for no reason but not as bad as before. I dont want to end my life anymore and that feels good. But I dont like that I feel tired ALL the time. I get 8 hours of sleep at night yet I feel exhausted from the moment I get out of bed till the moment I get back in it. I hope this goes away. Ive only been on this med for 2 weeks. 
i have gained weight on this medicine.
Been taken this medication for depression. Depression has gotten somewhat better, but the side effects are causing me great difficulty.  Always tired, weak and unable to sleep.  Doctotr says side effects should start to go away in a couple of weeks.  I hope so.  I want to get better, but I will have to stop taking this medicine if the side effects do not go away, for I am unable to function with no sleep.  Other side effects nausea, headaches, and food cravings.  Good outcomes, more emotionally even, not crying as much, not so much despair.
I noticed the awful thoughts disappeared but I'm always tired during the day! I now drink caffeine and I never used to before. I also have trouble sleeping at night, which seems odd. My dreams are really weird - feels like I'm watching a movie someone else turned on. Doesn't feel like me. I've been waking up after about 4 or 5 hours of sleep which is not enough. Thinking of asking doctor for an alternative. This is my first experiment with drug therapy. Been taking it for 3 months. 
Found myself sleeping all the time..had no desire to do anything...not happy..not sad...nothingness..
This medication has kept my depression from fluctuating  as much as it did before taking it. I have no listed side effects with it, however I have been having dreams at night that aren't like me. They are terrible dreams in which people are dying and its a matter of survival. Most of them have been zombie like dreams where people are coming to get you and you have to kill them and/or run away from them and find a safe spot. This has just started since being put on this medication.
I have been taking this prescription for two weeks and now my legs are swollen and I am anxious, and can't sleep and got High Blood pressure.  Just came from the hospital for treatment.  
I've been on this for 5 days now and I discovered I can't climax.  Erection is fine but results are extremely frustrating for myself and my wife.  I'll be talking with my doctor early next week about finding another drug.  I started taking this drug because of work related stress and depression.  The one great thing about my life and what helps hold me together is my marrige.  For me this drug isn't worth the side effects.  If you weren't depressed before you sure would be after taking this drug.
still have depression
it is somewhat helpfull
i`v found it hard for me to think and say what i`m thinking at the same my brain is slow and i`m having panic attack at times
I no longer can take this drug because it may react on the central nervous system because I have to take Percocet or Vocodin for severe back pain. I will be having back surgery in two or three weeks and I've reduced the amount I take.  Also I believe this drug has cause severe hair loss in the past 6 months because I've taken it for so long.
I have been taking this for about two months and havent noticed too much of a difference...except that I have lost 20 lbs! I really like the fact that this doesnt make you gain weight! We will see if it helps with the depression!
Anger is my worry. I am at the age for change of life and I get angry quickly and 
also seem to forget. Have trouble keeping focused.
MEDICATION DO NOT WORK VERY WELL ON MY DEPRESSION. I CANT TELL VERY MUCH DIFFERANCE.
I have been on this drug for 3 months 2 months on the 20 mg and now a month on the 40 mg. No side effects except for im always tired, and have gained a few lbs. I have no sex drive at all. Is this normal? 
Since I started n citalopram I have gained over 15 lbs and I am always hungry.I have never in my life put on weight like this and I am unable to diet.Does anyone else have this effect ?
After a few weeks on 20MG I was still very depressed so doctor doubled the dose and now having nightmares and sleeping 10 hours a night. Still have depression but a little milder. Doctor says could increase to 60 but afraid I will want to sleep even more.
No interest in sex.
Been on this for a month now.  It is helping me out with my depression.  Im on 20mg once daily tablets.  I've been having some drowsiness with this and having problems getting more than a few hours sleep. This could be a side effect or could be something else. Not sure can't see the dr for another couple weeks.  It has mellowed me out, but the emotions I used to have seem like they try to come out but they just can't, like crying.
have a rash and itching. driving me crazy.
i have severe depression. this is my third different kind of pill experience. I had one relapse with this med. and one attempt. but been fine for four days.
sleep
I've been on this for two weeks at 10 mg and it has helped me feel calm and think clearly, but I do feel flat, zombie-ish and disconnected. I have also fainted. The most dramatic change has been my sex drive. It went from 100 to zero. I am not interested in sex and I can't climax. I have never had a single problem with this, and this is a very dramatic change. I hope this will go away. I was on wellbutrin a few years ago and it made me anxious and forgetful but I had great sex drive, lots of energy, no weight gain.
I have been on this drug for three months and it helped with my mood swings and anger but I gained 20 lbs. It made me very tired through the day when I took it in the morning and didn't seem to last a full 24 hours when I started taking it at night.
Just started the treatment.
effective for my symptoms
Started this med two weeks ago.The past six days Ive had such bad stomach cramps. Dr. said it's very common and should stop in a couple weeks(I dont know if I can stand it two more weeks)Any one else have that problem?did it stop?
i feel better than when i didnt take citalpram
on meds 20 mg for one week.  Feel very tired, yawning A LOT! loss of appetite, nausea after eating.  hoping the side effects will go away soon.  I will take it for the first month as dr. recommended and see how it goes.
I went from Lexapro to Citalopram because of the price difference.  I feel to some degree this medicine isn't as effective, but I can't be sure because of the nature of the depression and grieving..being a previous care giver, and death of my mate.
Since I have been taking this drug I find it hard to cry or show mostly any emotion. I am also gaining weight and I don't like that.
Started on 10mg-did nothing, now on 20 for about 4 days. I feel about the same. If it doesn't do more for me in a month, my doc is putting me on something else. I hope it starts helping because the side effects have been slight.
I am just starting this med and my Dr. said I could have a beer or glass of wine with this but to take precautions and not overdo. However, the med bottle says "do not drink alcohol with this med". I'm not a big drinker but we are going on a family vacation next week (18 of us) and of course there will be some drinking. Three of the nephews are bartenders and so they always like to treat their elders to new drinks etc. Will I be OK with 1 or 2 drinks every day? What kind of limits should I take?
I STILL FIND MYSELF IN A DOWN MOOD MOST OF THE TIME.
Been on this drug for over a year now.  I definitely  feel better than before, however I also changed a lot of things in my life sense.  So, I don't know if it's the medicine or the positive life changes.  I take 20 mg before bed and sleep like a rock but  I feel hungover in the morning & if i get out of bed to quickly I get a major headache... I get a 3-4 day headache at least 1 a month.  Also, very LOW sex drive  I don't mind it but my husband does.  I think it has helped me but I may ask to lower my dosage and eventually stop.
IT HAS HELPED AND AT TIMES I FEEL BETTER, THEN IT SLIPS BACK.
Severe sexual problems includes severe decreased interest in sexual intercourse and in achieving climax.
It works a little but not all the way i still have systems
I experience dizziness. I tend not to feel sadness when face with my friends negative experience.I do not feel their pain.
I have only been on this med for two days.  Not really seen an effect yet.  I do have a question asto when everyone takes this med.  My Dr said to take it in the AM but I notice that I am very tired at work.
has anyone suffered from lethargy and drowsiness while taking this drug?
I have used citalopram for Parkinsons depression. The Dr has tried to get me off of it but when I quit taking it I get terrible headaches, faintness, nausea and disorentation. When I start taking again I feel better almost instantly. Anyone else have this happen. It is very concerning.
been on it for about 6months now and it has helped me out alot. i am not like i use to be in the past with anger and depression issues. 
When i first started taking it,my head felt like a bowling ball, absolutley, terrible. been on it now for probably 2 years and now i feel terrible when i dont take the stuff.They do actually, make me feel like myself.
my depression has gotten worse so i am reevaluating these meds. i am not relating it to the pill itself. but to my immediate stress. i do not think this pill is strong enough.  or maybe the mg. need to be upped.
Upon first taking this drug, it made me feel quite nauseaus (SP?). Also, i have experienced vivid dreams which can best be described as bad drug "trips". I am however, less depressed/moody. Another side effect i am beginning to notice is a plummet in sex-drive as well as ability to climax. i am taking 20 MG daily and have been taking it for a month...hopefully these side effects will not persist.
my DR up  from 20mg to 40mg i have lose 24lbs in eight mo.
In addition to the weight gain and loss of appetite, I have had problems with short term memory loss.  Any one else out there on this med having the same problems?
Along with weight gain (10 lbs. in two months!) I have also noticed a lack of appetite.
i started off with a low dose then ended up taking 60mg, only side effect was dry mouth, ive since been seeing a psyciatrist, now they thing i have poss bi polar and want to put me on to lithium! i did however find this med useful to start off with but now it doesn't have any effect, im now having to reduce the amount to come off to start new meds and its sending me all over the place that i would say is the only downside... aaaahhh..
I have been on this for 8 weeks.Started with 10 mg. now on 20mg.How long to get full efects.I feel somewhat better but not where I want to be.
I have been on citalopram for about 1 month now and I have also had night sweats and vivid dreams in the first 2 wks of treatment.  They are gone now but depression is much worse now than in first wks of treatment.  
my DR., gave me this medicine knowing that I have siezures, liver dease, and I ended up in the hospital and almost died, my dialantin level went real high, my blood pressure&heart rate dropped real low and I am fixin to contact a lawyer to sue them for that.
can this be taken at bed time and still get to sleep?I take it in the day time but would rather take it at night. 
well i am not thinking about things i did not want to think of.
I was taking cymbalta, but it got very expensive. I've been taking this for only week and a half and I've noticed how tired I feel and a slight nausea and headache. Not sure if I'm going to contine.
Today in my first day taking citalopram. Like many of you my insurance with Lexapro was too expensive and this medication was giving. I will keep you posted on my progress with this new medication.
I wonder if I need to dramatically increase the doseage. I will to to my Doctor. It has only been so-so in helping me. I have no side effects from the drug. But, I often plan out killing myself. But, that has nothing to do with the drug.I have done that before medication. I take a drug to sleep, and one for anxiety, too. The drugs only work moderately well. But, no side effects.I find sitting in the corner of a dark room helps me, too.
I have had strong feelings of nausea which has hindered my desire to get on with normal activities & although I do get hungry I am not enjoying my food. I was on 20mg/day and it has been reduced to 10mg to see if this nausea subsides. 
I am on 40mg and have trouble falling asleep,concentrating and memory sees different, have a hard time staying on task. Panic attacks are gone, but I can cry at the drop of a hat.  I wonder if I should drop my dosage to 20mg for a couple of weeks to see if that makes any difference.
in the beginning only dizziness and metalic taste, now it has been about seven months and my memory doesn't seem to be doing to well, my attention span is so small now. I don't seem to have the ability fully express what I feel because I have no clue. My mind is constantly scatterd. I either sleep too long or don't sleep...mostly don't sleep...my ability to make decisions has gone down, my ocd has gotten worse in the matter of ever aspect in my life. I seem to not remember a lot of conversation, things I watch and so forth.
I have been on this for a week and am severly sick to my stomach with cramps, not sleeping at night, loss of appetite and sexual drive and severe headaches.  WIll this go away or should i contact my doctor? 
This was the first medication I was put on.  It helped my depression and anxiety immensely yet their were two side effects I experienced while taking citalopram.  I was tired all of the time and at night had trouble falling asleep.  Then there were the sexual side effects which were more frustrating considering i'm relatively young.  Overall the bad outweighed the good so I was taken off it, with no luck so far on other drugs (prozac).    
I have a brother on this medication.  He can sleep for 3 days only getting up for necessities, food, drink, etc. The pattern seems to be 3 days down, 3-4 days up and then down again.  Anyone else have problems staying awake?
I have been on this medication for 5 days. I am still getting use to the dull headaches and loss of wanting to eat. As far as depression and anxiety, I don't feel as down or upset as before. I will update in a couple of weeks.
I've been using Citalopram for a couple of weeks for mild depression and stress; side effects are the nausia, sleepiness and yarning and I just experienced a few crazy dreams last night, but I nothing tragic. I feel calm and relaxed but I don't feel like myself.  Well I'll give it more time to see if Citalopram will help me get back on track.
I just starded taking Citalopram 10mg, It's the lowest dose. I have been searching it up and I have read of alot of reviews saying how you get crazy dreams as a side affect? Is that also caused with the lowest dosage? and if so about when does it usually start? Im just concerned about it.
Have only been on it for a month, but it seems to be working.  Need more time.
After being on this medication for almost a year, I didn't notice a change, but my husband did.  He said I was less moody and angry all the time. I'm not sure what kind of feeling or feelings I have. I do notice that I don't cry as much as I used to, but more often than not, I feel like there's no emotions.  Like this medication is holding me back from being who I am, good and bad.  After not taking this for almost 2 months, I started to feel very tense, jittery, and angry over the slightest thing. Annoyed at everything. I took two tablets, thinking that that would calm me down, and I had a very scary reaction of rapid heartbeat, excessive shaking and the feeling of loosing consciousness.  I also had fleeting thoughts of hurting myself.  My husband took me to the emergency room as a percaution. I don't want to depend on this medication, but I guess I'll have to.
No more mood swings or anxiety BUT I feel tired during the day because of the crazy dreams at night.  Just read it may be better to take at bedtime.  
NO sex drive with this medicine. switched from lexapro to citaprolam due to insurance. I've gained weight and am tired all the time. I hate it.
I have been taking this medication for 3 months and am happy with the results.
It worked well in the 20mg dose but i lost all sexual desire.  then i used the 10 mg dose and it did not work as well.
I am approaching 2 weeks on Citaloprm. I get flashed of calmness, but still have minor depression and anxiety. I am also drinking 2-3 glasses of wine per night, is this erasing any benefit I could be getting?
I am on 40mg and it seems to allow me to level out! I don't have the anxiety attacks as often and they are not as severe. Should I be taking this at night, or in the morning? I have been taking it mornings now.
I've been on this medication for about 7 years (after other SSRIs) and it has been effective.  My mood has levelled out, with very few highs or lows.  But my weight has gone up, I fall asleep when sitting on a chair and I have short-term memory loss.  One thing that I have learnt is that you need to match the dosage with any weight gain - I had put on quite a bit of weight and a small rise in the dosage did wonders.
It didnt seem to do anything despite 4 months of taking citalopram. Found fluoxotine much better
I reviewed this drug after 2 days of taking it on 12/7. The 3rd day was fabulous - no headaches or nausea... I was in the best mood of my life. The 4th day was pretty good too, but every day after has been fairly blah. I suppose my disposition has improved a bit, but I'm still dealing with the non-hunger and I have lost 7 pounds because I can only manage to eat an orange or a yogurt every day. My hair has been falling out like it did after I gave birth. It definitely increased suicidal thoughts when dealing with a terrible break up two days before Xmas (though I had the presence of mind to have friends stay with me and not be alone), but it has helped me deal with everything better thus far. I'm going to take it for another month and see how things go. I'll let you know if anything changes.
This seems to work for me I suggest taking it at nightime as it makes me sleepy but it may 
not effect others this way.  I have had not side effects that have made me need to stop taking this medication.s
Taking this medication made it almost impossible to concentrate at work effectively, or to respond with alertness.  I did sleep better, but the side effects out weigh the benfits for me.  
my lows are almost gone, but I can't sleep at night at all,I;m real slow in the day and sometimes quick to anger,
I'm somewhat confused:? That's one of the side effects I have, not to mention the weight gain. After about a year on the med I'm starting to get the same initial symtoms. With the addition of memory loss, and loss for words.
Though it did improve my symptoms somewhat, I would not likely recommend this medication to others. I switched to Citalopram from Lexapro, which worked great aside from side effects in the first 2 months. Lexapro was unfortunately not covered by insurance, which was why I switched. I was on Citalopram for nearly a year, but it was not as effective as Lexapro had been. My mood was much more variable - good on some days, but terrible on others. In addition, I gained 20 lbs on this medication because it increased my appetite and caused me to crave carbohydrates. I am currently seeing a Naturopathic Doctor and my treatment consists of vitamins, minerals, amino acids and fish oils. I feel better than I have in 10 years, without any chemical drugs and no side effects whatsoever.
